hey guys samito skin and playing nope
it's not what you think
apparently this is supposed to split
about bad guy I can't talk so made in 72
hours for her blue domed air jam 29 it
looks like flappy bird but it says nope
not what you think
so let's see I keep dying I can't see am
i hitting the roof is that was happening
I think I okay yeah I have to make it
fast
okay come dinner
stop shooting now how was your day fine
so you started hollering all you think
about is them birds and your truck
whatever Maureen that's it I'm leaving
you and your truck good
wait good I hope you're taking bienniums
screw you Bubba I'm leaving and taking
my pots you don't say
if I'm doing
screw your pots hey don't you touch that
truck wait oh this mint-condition got
dynamo reign of the carnage Oh taken by
aliens I do hope they take you Maureen
stop hitting the truck oh boy a knight
and Dana aliens the aliens are here
what's going on
I can't believe it they took my truck to
be continued oh it's amazing to that at
10'o wondering what if there's like
anything else we can do in that we uh we
refreshed me refresh that
but your aunt
yeah now she pink all right straight
again I'm also fast busted right in the
dome shut some birds those nice how do
you think you guys in burger truck
suppose upon our divorce I said I
believe in you in your truck sounds good
to me
I love my truck screw Bob I'll let you
take my parts you don't say
guess it's it all happens the same way
so what am I breaking I'm breaking the
pots anyway okay I'll then that's been
nope
it's not what you think I never really
give the skipper see try that yourself I
hope you enjoyed this I'll see you guys
later
the aliens are about to take my truck
stay toasty oak frequent these barrels
in this gate especially this gate
pinata yeah party whoa party to a pinata
shows up
took a sombrero also have like this left
her dad not left with him see his Red
Dead Redemption her Red Dead Revolver